Add Puppet params for non-integrated setup (#2098)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-puppet-agent-during-host-provisioning.adoc

+
Select the *boolean* type and set the value to `true`.
endif::[]
. If you want to deploy the Puppet agent for a non-integrated Puppet setup, configure the following host parameters in global parameters or a host group:
* Add a host parameter named `puppet_server`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the hostname of your Puppet server, such as `puppet.example.com`.
* Optional: Add a host parameter named `puppet_ca_server`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the hostname of your Puppet CA server, such as `puppet-ca.example.com`.
If `puppet_ca_server` is not set, the Puppet agent will use the same server as `puppet_server`.
* Optional: Add a host parameter named `puppet_environment`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the Puppet environment you want the host to use.
ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
. Ensure your host has access to the Puppet agent packages from {ProjectServer} by using an appropriate activation key.
endif::[]

> . If you use an integrated setup, ensure that you assign a Puppet server, Puppet CA server, and Puppet environment to your host.

Reviewer: This implies that `pupper_server` has to be created for both non-integrated and integrated setup, thus it should be extracted from the step for non-integrated setup where it is currently in. Additionally, I feel like this should maybe be a note under the non-integrated step rather than its own step.

+
Select the *boolean* type and set the value to `true`.
endif::[]
ifdef::katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
. Enable the Puppet agent using a host parameter in global parameters, a host group, or for a single host.
Add a host parameter named `enable-puppet7`, select the *boolean* type, and set the value to `true`.

> endif::[]

Author: It's just moved above.

> * If you use a non-integrated Puppet setup, set the following host parameters in global parameters or a host group:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you use an external Puppet Server or setup, set the following host parameters in global parameters or a host group or while creating a host:
```

Author: I think as it is now, it's clear from the context.

> * If you use a non-integrated Puppet server, set the following host parameters in global parameters, a host group or when you create a host:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you use a non-integrated Puppet server, either set the following host parameters in global parameters, or a host group, or when you create a host:
```

If `puppet_ca_server` is not set, the Puppet agent will use the same server as `puppet_server`.
** Optional: Add a host parameter named `puppet_environment`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the Puppet environment you want the host to use.

> * If you use an integrated Puppet setup, ensure that you select a Puppet {SmartProxy}, Puppet CA {SmartProxy}, and Puppet environment when you create your host.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better if we keep this line first before non-integrated as this guide is specific to puppet integration of foreman

+
Select the *boolean* type and set the value to `true`.
endif::[]
. If you deploy the Puppet agent for a non-integrated Puppet setup, configure the following host parameters in global parameters or a host group:
* Add a host parameter named `puppet_server`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the hostname of your Puppet server, such as `puppet.example.com`.
* Optional: Add a host parameter named `puppet_ca_server`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the hostname of your Puppet CA server, such as `puppet-ca.example.com`.
If `puppet_ca_server` is not set, the Puppet agent will use the same server as `puppet_server`.
* Optional: Add a host parameter named `puppet_environment`, select the *string* type, and set the value to the Puppet environment you want the host to use.

+

> If you use an integrated setup, ensure that you select a Puppet {SmartProxy}, Puppet CA {SmartProxy}, and Puppet environment when you create your host.

Author: @adamlazik1 Does this make it clearer?

Reviewer: Maybe I understood it wrong, does selecting the values when creating the host not refer to this procedure but is a different, non-related procedure?

Author: Yes, it's a different step. One of the two must be done, but they're done under different circumstances and in a different order in relation to the other steps in this module.

Reviewer: I see, thanks for clarifying.

> If you use an integrated setup, ensure that you select a Puppet {SmartProxy}, Puppet CA {SmartProxy}, and Puppet environment when you create your host.

Author: @adamlazik1 I tried making it into sublist instead, see the preview. Does that work?
